#### Project 2 Implementation
I chose the implementation part of option 2, as it let me work hands-on with coding, and better familiarizing myself with the language. This choice required a diagram to lead the code, the code itself, and the sucessful result. When searching on topics I enjoyed talking about most, I enjoyed revisiting the Python language and playing around with different pieces. I tried many different sets of code to try to better understand, and the final attached lines are a simple random generator. I listed colors and wrote I wanted it to pick a random one from the list and display the result to me. My main problems were from wrong indentation and one syntax error. I had never seen a syntax error, so I researched where it comes from and how to fix it and why it happens. Both attachments are of the lines of code and then one response I got from my generator, as well as a disgram in Lucidchart.
Overall, this course really helped understand the fundamentals of programming. Not only how to do things, but how and why they work the way they do. It was exciting and though provoking learning the ins and outs of software and hardware. It also as beneficial to gain resources on where to find internships and what key features you need, or don't need, to get to the path you want. I'm still learning everyday in the field and am excited to get an internship or co-op next year to really test my abilities to the most. I am very passionate about cybersecurity, and while there are little entry level positions in that field, my journey through the market may show me new avenues I hadn't before thought about, or that I want to do something completely different. This field has so much collaboration, creativity, and logistics in the most overwhelming, positive way. I am excited for my next classes and welcome the challenges to come.
