### Executive Summary 
Lab 3 focuses on the inner workings of software and it's connection to the last lab on hardware, as well as how to have success in the field. While intangible, software can connect in amazing ways at amazing lengths, all thanks to it's hardware support system. The lab also touches on types of programming languages, specifically Python. It then ends with why internships matter and how to be successful in them.
### Software
Software is the intangible product that lets the hardware have a purpose. It consists of operating systems and application software. The operating system is the backbone of how the computer functions, such as Windows, Mac, or Linux. It manages the hardware, provides the user-interface, and gives a plane for developers to write applications in conjunction. Application software is a coded program to accomplish a goal, such as a web browser. video game, or word processor like Microsoft Office.
Enterprise software is the management of business processes that an organization can use to collect, manage, and implement data. It helps with organization and compactibility. An example of an ERP system is Oracle NetSuite, which uses business intelligence to forecast insight into the future, as well as other features.
Through virtualization, you can run more applications through fewer servers. Each application exists in an isolated virtual machine. Virtual machines are software containers that host the connection for the applications. 
### Virtualization
Virtualization lets you create IT services using resources that are traditionally only used in hardware. One is a mail server, one is a web server, and one runs internal legacy applications. This setup gives 1 server multiple conduits. With virtualization, for example, you can half the mail server so they can do independent tasks from one another. The now empty servers then can be reused for other tasks or stopped altogether to help the functionality of the system. Hypervisors separate the tangible from the intangible. They can sit along an OS or integrated into the hardware, and divide resources up so they can be broken down enough to be understood virtually. 
Different from virtualization, cloud computing are collective environments to share resources across networks, not an inherent technology itself. Virtualization can be a hub for a cloud, but a cloud can not function as a virtualization, rather an extension of it. Cloud computing is connections between network to network, virtualization is connetion between hardware to software.
### Python
Pseudo-code represents only the key principles of an algorithm. It is commonly used in textbooks or scientific publications to describe algorithms and software. Like the name suggests, a program written in pseudocode is not an executable program.
A compiled language is one that is first written in a programming langue, that then gets given to your computer, who in turn changes it into binary, a language it can  actually understand. On the other hand, python is an interpreted language. It coverts its source code into smaller bytecodes, which then gets translated into the computers inherent language to finally run. This saves the computer and a programmer a lot of time and energy as it can directly run from a source code.
### Career Exploration
##### College Central
I tried various keywords to search up internships near me. A couple piqued my interest, specifically one at Key Bank, where I job shadowed last year at and I will continue to look into! The resouce was very helpful and I'm glad it's in my arsenal now.
On the BLS website, I looked at the findings for an associates in web development. It told me there was no on the job training, and a median salary of 60-80 thousand.
##### Certifications
The CompTIA Cybersecurity Analyst interested me as it said they covered up to date core skills and operations used in ther modern field. At Tri-c I've previously looked into a post-grad certificate in cybersecurity, but haven't fully decided. I am currently obtaining a certificate in game design right now.
##### Co-ops / Internships
Internships help familiarize students with the inner workings of their field of interets and how to communicate in the actual environment. Internships/ Co-ops allow students to actually apply the information they have learned in the classroom to the real world, in turn getting them as ready as they can for their new profession.
##### Industry Associations / Student Organizations
The CCDC provides schools/institutions with computer curriculums in a more in-depth and competent manner, in a mock business sort of functionality, bult on team work and ideas. A membership would help with communication skills and apllication skills.
### Conclusion
Lab 3 explains how harrdware and software are both so important to the success of technology functioning correct and how information is shared, not just laterally, but across vast networks through the world. It also shares how you can use certifications and interships to inhance your learning experience and how it can lead to new opportunities.
