### Executive Summary
The purpose of Lab 1 was to familliarize ourselves with Githubs functions and features and establish the general layout for the course. Github is a conglomerate or developers who share their projects and work with teammates or others around the world, showing how vast this industry really spans. Chapter 1 gave a simple introduction on what Information Systems are, how the operate, and who/what comprises them. It also addressed how the history of IS has grown and changed through the years, more and more companies needing IT people and incorporating it into their business.
### Information System Components
The Information System Triangle of an ATM is comprised as follows: The hardware comsists of the PIN pad, chip reader, CPU, screen display and the vault. The software includes the operating system, usually Windows of Linux and all the functions that read out onto the screen to a customer. The data consists of the card/account numbers that filter through the system to enable money to be withdrawn or deposied. The people involved include the customers who make the machine run, bank workers who oversee the transactions, those responsible for keeping the OS up to date, and others who work at the specfifc banks outlets. The process of an ATM goes from the customer swiping his/her card, the ATM transmits the request, the processor receives it and sens it to the networks, the network authorizes it with approval from the bank, and the transmits the approval back to the ATM telling it how much to disense to the customer.
### Github
#### Client-Server Architecture
  Client–server model is a structure that enlists tasks between the providers of a service, and yhose who want to use the server, called clients. They communicate over a computer network from a multitude of areas, but all come together though the servers portal. Github is a server where developers, the clients, can congregate and communicate across the platform. 
#### Cloud Computing
Cloud Computing companies provide IT as a service over the web. It stores and accesses data from a remote server, nothing being saved on a PC hard drive. An example of another Cloud Computing company is Amazon web services. They have services to hop build apps and give developer tools or networking delivery.
### Conclusion
Lab 1 focuses on the basics of information systems and fundamentals of Github and how to be successful in the field. I now know the basics and setup of how to navigate through Github, as well as how it technically works though client-server structure. With a broader overview, it helps to take all the aspects in as I navigate through such a vast, exciting, and itrospective field.
